Hi.
Just wanted to quickly give you a motivational video.
I know sometimes it can seem slow, and I know this first section can be a bit frustrating because it
seems like it's a bit repetitive.
Seems like I keep trying to nail some points home.
Trust me, it's going to pick up. We're going to get a lot more complicated later.
But I am a firm believer in understanding the fundamentals like the back of your hand, before we get
into more complicated topics.
So there's a method to my madness, so please bear
with me.
Please keep going.
You've done so well to get this far. And I just want to take this opportunity as well to say, please
leave me a review. It really does help me a lot.
But don't just give me 5 stars for the sake of it.
If you don't like the course, if you feel like I can improve.
Tell me. I worked really hard at this.
I'm really happy to learn. I'm really happy to improve.
But enough said. You're probably getting very bored of this by now.
I just want to say, well done.
Keep going and I'll see you in the next lecture.